Jenkins (#1146)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.jenkins.md

# Jenkins

> The Jenkins node allows you to automate work in Jenkins, and integrate Jenkins with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Jenkins features, including listing builds, canceling, putting and restarting instaces, and creating and copying jobs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jenkins node allows you to automate work in Jenkins, and integrate Jenkins with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Jenkins features, including listing builds, managing instances, and creating and copying jobs. 
```

On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Jenkins node supports and links to more resources.

!!! note "Credentials"

>     Refer to [Jenkins credentials](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/credentials/jenkins/) for guidance on setting up authentication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Refer to [Jenkins credentials](/integrations/builtin/credentials/jenkins/) for guidance on setting up authentication. 
```
